---
layout: event
title: January 2012 Meetup
when: 2012-01-26T20:00
ends: 2012-01-26T22:00
where: launchco
---

[Drew Neil](http://drewneil.com/ "Drew Neil") (aka [@nelstrom](https://twitter.com/nelstrom "@nelstrom"), the creator of the awesome [vimcasts](http://vimcasts.org/ "vimcasts"), agreed to give a talk.

We are very proud to have him at our very first meetup. The topic is yet to be announced.  Further topics will be kind of organizational. We should briefly talk about:


- Expectations for this user group
- Future schedule for regular meetups
- Future topics of meetups


We will have some time at the end for small talk and socializing. Also, in Friedrichshain, it should be rather easy to move on to a bar after the meetup.

<pre>
 1. Find the Warschauer Str. 70A
 2. Go to the second backyard
 3. Enter the big door in the middle of the building with the LAUNCH/CO and
     Noisy Rooms signs
 4. Use the staircase on the right and go to the 2nd level
 5. After the staircase head right (this is left in relation to the entrance)
 6. Go to the end of the corridor
 7. Use the staircase to go down to the 1st floor
 8. Open the big steel door
 9. You're there

  or alternatively

 1. Follow the LAUNCH/CO signs all over the place
 2. You're there
</pre>


{% include mailing_list.html %}

{% include launch_co.html %}

Hope to see you there,

{% include gregor.html %}


## Recap

Thank you all for coming. It was a great evening and I had a lot of fun. I'm especially proud, that so many of you guys showed up.  I think we were about 20 people. I think, that's pretty impressive for a first meeting.


I would like to thank [Drew](http://drewneil.com/ "Drew") for his thoughts on plugins and how they fit into the Vim universe.  Also, playing some [vimgolf](http://vimgolf.com/ "vimgolf") was both entertaining and illuminating.


Finally we talked about vimberlin itself. We've settled to meet on the 4th Thursday of every odd month. So the next meetup will be on **March 22nd 2012 - 8 p.m. again at LAUNCH/CO**.


We are starting to using a mailing list to discuss talk proposals and other stuff. (There is a link at the top of the page.) I've also added a link to an iCal feed containing the schedule for the next meetups.


I'll continue to use the Twitter account [@vimberlin](http://twitter.com/vimberlin "@vimberlin") for announcements and things of (potentially) general interest.


Thanks Jan and LAUNCH/CO for hosting the event and providing us with chairs, beers and beamer and thank you all for making vimberlin happen.

{% include gregor.html %}

